[REWORK] Patrols (#5563)
ClanGenOfficial/clangen: docs/dev/writing/patrols/patrol_outcome.md

Utilizes the same functionality as the greater patrol parameter: [required_cat_types](patrols.md/#involved_cats-dictstr-var)

You can either specify further constraints for cats already specified in the greater patrol `involved_cats`, or you can specify new involved cats for this outcome.

It's possible to "reuse" a cat under a new designation, but with tighter constraints. You can utilize the `s_c` designations for this use. You will need to add the `prior_abbreviation` parameter to the dictionary for the `s_c` cat:

For example:
```json
"s_c0":{
    "prior_abbreviation": ["p_l", "r_c1"],
    "status": ["warrior"]
}
```
In this example, `s_c` can be either `p_l` or `r_c1`, but only if those cats are also `warrior` rank.

You can utilize any prior declared cat designation *or* to allow any cat in the patrol to be s_c, you can use `any`.

These can also be exclusionary tags such as: `-p_l` to allow any cat *except* `p_l` to take this role.

!!! tip
    `s_c` used to be used only for trait and skill constrained cats. Now it's for *any* sort of constraint. This could be a health constraint, group constraint, literally any constraint.

***

### required_reputation: dict:

> Constraints the event to only occur if the player clan has the required reputation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constrains the event to only occur if the player clan has the required reputation.
```

            "body": true,
            "history": ""
        }
```
**cats**
> List of cats who will die. `patrol_cats` can be used to kill the entire patrol.

**body**
> True if the body can be retrieved, False if the body has been lost.

**history**
> String to add to the cat's death history.  Use `m_c` in place of the dead cat's name and pronoun.

***

## condition: list[dict]
Indicate which cats should receive conditions and what conditions they receive. You can add multiple condition blocks.

Condition block:
```json
        {
            "cats": [],
            "no_results": false,
            "conditon": [],
            "non_lethal": false,
            "scar_pool_override": [],
            "scar_history": "",
            "death_history": ""
        }
```
**cats**
> List of cats who will receive these conditions. `patrol_cats` can be used to give the condition to the entire patrol.

**no_results**
> Set to True if there should be no result text about this condition application. 

**condition**
> List of possible conditions. One condition will be chosen from this list. You can also utilize [Injury Pools](../reference/tag-lists.md#__tabbed_1_1)

**non_lethal**

> > Set to True if this condition shouldn't be allowed to kill the cat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Set to True to prevent this condition from killing the cat. It's not necessary if the condition is already non-lethal (eg. scrapes)
```

Outcomes utilize the `TextPoolEvent` format.

## Outcome Event Format

### Minimum Required
>The smallest amount of information you're required to include in this format. 

```json
{
    "strings": [

>         "m_c spent time chatting with r_c."

Reviewer: Is this fr all we need?? like no frequency, exp, etc?

Author: Oop, this is what I get for fully copy-pasting the majority of this from a different doc lmao

        {
            "cats": [],
            "no_results": false,
            "conditon": [],
            "non_lethal": false,
            "scar_pool_override": [],
            "scar_history": "",
            "death_history": ""
        }
    ],
    "lost": [
        {
            "cats": []
        }
    ], 
    "join": [
        {
            "cats": [],
            "change_name": false,
            "new_status": []
        }
    ],
    "future_event": [
        {
            "event_type": "",
            "pool": {},
            "moon_delay": [],
            "involved_cats": {}
        }
    ]
}
```

***

### location:list[str]
This controls the biome and camp the event appears in. [Tagging Instructions](../reference/tag-lists.md#locations)

***

### season: list[str]
List of seasons in which the event may occur. You can utilize [exclusionary tags](../reference/tag-lists.md#exclusionary-tags).
You can tag with a mix of "newleaf", "greenleaf", "leaf-fall", "leaf-bare", or remove the parameter altogether to allow for any season.

***

### tags: list[str]
Used to dictate some odds-and-ends about event constraints: [General Tags](../reference/tag-lists.md#general-tags).

!!! note

>     You do not need to use the `romance` tag for events intended to be romantic. These are already filtered as necessary.

Reviewer: I am confused by this line lol. Is the romance tag irrelevant then? Is there still a use case for the romance tag?

Author: My mistake! Twas a left-over bit of info from the doc I copied this stuff from. It's not applicable to patrols, so good catch.

***

### art: str
Optional. Name of outcome-specific art, without file extension (no .png). If no art is specified, the intro art will be used. 

 Example: "art": "bord_general_intro",

### art_clean: str
Optional. Name of non-gore outcome-specific art, without file extension (no .png). Adding a clean version of the art marks the normal version as containing gore. The game will then use the clean version if the "Allow mild gore and blood in patrol artwork" setting is off, and the explicit version if this setting is on.

 Example: "art_clean": "bord_general_intro",

### strings: list[str]
This is a list of events applicable to the constraints on this events block. You may include as many or as few events here as you wish, but remember that the constraints will apply to *all* of them. 

For example:
```json
"strings": [
        "p_l fought a fox and was hurt.",
        "p_l killed a fox and was hurt.",
]
```

#### required_cat_types: Dict[str, List[int]]
Utilizes the same functionality as the greater patrol parameter: [required_cat_types](patrols.md/#required_cat_types-dictstr-listint)

!!! caution

>     Remember that the greater patrol parameter will have already been applied and the outcome specific `required_cat_types` will determine if more specific patrol make-ups have access to this outcome specifically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remember that the greater patrol parameter will have already been applied, so adding an outcome-specific `required_cat_types` will require even <i>more</i> specific patrol compositions.
```

***

### involved_cats: dict[str: dict]
Utilizes the same functionality as the greater patrol parameter: [required_cat_types](patrols.md/#involved_cats-dictstr-var)

> You can either specify further constraints for cats already specified in the greater patrol `involved_cats`, or you can specify new involved cats for the patrol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either specify further constraints for cats already specified in the greater patrol `involved_cats`, or you can specify new involved cats for this outcome.
```
